Pipe fifo file removal (#121)
syslog-ng/syslog-ng.github.io: doc/_admin-guide/060_Sources/110_Pipe/README.md

therefore it is not recommended to be used on special files like
/proc/kmsg.

> **NOTE:** If the `fifo` file is deleted, syslog-ng OSE automatically recreates it. When a new `pipe()` is created, syslog-ng OSE continues to use the old file until the system is restarted.

Author: Thanks for clarifying, I modified the note. Hopefully it's correct now.

> **NOTE:** If the `fifo` file is deleted, and the user creates a new one, syslog-ng OSE will still attempt to access the old file until syslog-ng is restarted. Make sure to restart syslog-ng OSE after creating a new `fifo` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If the `fifo` file is deleted, and the user creates a new one, {{ site.product.short_name }} will still attempt to access the old file until {{ site.product.short_name }} is restarted. Make sure to restart {{ site.product.short_name }} after creating a new `fifo` file.
```

> **NOTE:** If the `fifo` file is deleted, and the user creates a new one, syslog-ng OSE will still attempt to access the old file until the system is restarted. Make sure to restart syslog-ng OSE after creating a new `fifo` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If the `fifo` file is deleted, and the user creates a new one, syslog-ng OSE will still attempt to access the old file until syslog-ng is restarted. Make sure to restart syslog-ng OSE after creating a new `fifo` file.
```

Reviewer 2: sorry i missed this, added a suggestion to fix it
